Misc. ironside work september 3. (#24028)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Other samples
-------------

> * :ref:`secondary_boot_sample` sample:
>   * Added a new sample that demonstrates how to build and boot a secondary application image on the nRF54H20DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :ref:`secondary_boot_sample` sample that demonstrates how to build and boot a secondary application image on the nRF54H20 DK.
 ```
